so if these
in the rush hours
but that does not stop a smile on his face
with the central computer of the expropriated ship they had no alternative
they had to fight with their hearts to save man
when they were born with that great goal and that's why all of them now have to
use their hearts to be able to save Mesopotamia
and I already said
yes
Then it happened three times a year
the computer is happening feelings and they set out to save the
mesopotamia she will be that of peron a single
a permit for points
as well as that after the declaration of the agreed level
ended up throwing rays of light is how to overcome the crisis
and here comes the best
nobody thought
lima on the other not only save a kindness managed to save next to the
Mexican left
I hope this is so beautiful, so touching, emotional story and what
such wonderful feelings has the human being
current status
they said they would go for a walk what
so what am I doing here that we're up and emotions I'm going
the same thing is the same
direct able to destroy the last robot and pastures
a very well understood boy
thank you
now what
now we are going to take all the prisoners
what was done
go very well
no problem
They are doing it
they are 2 percent
also normality
Apple tree
wonderful lima bravo one day we can form a great team that would be a great
leader all
ronald pantin
p
I really like it is a very interesting thing
It was all we need is Mexican
we feel like eating this year
it is understood
thanks for being very careful
yes it is natural
I think we are all guilty
until now the whole world did not feel
of course
next week I will start my work as a champion of the whole world
target is already responsible for representatives of the entire company
Meanwhile, Brazil is a small favor
ap
before this scenario also block the head we do not eat what has motivated and
let's move on
while this year
although such a sick end and I need to take alternative medicine
the island is so good
this fifth to go out to vote u but dedicated to impact
I put on aids avda so I decided to walk I find a
although still something better ap seemed eighth
be in love with this project
be in love with the state